greetings folks I'm binti Looney and no
that title isn't fooling you I'm totally
serious
I have seen the error of my ways and it
was wrong for me to judge Cellini tincho
for being nothing like the original
Looney Tunes you see changes have to be
made to timeless cartoon characters we
can't just show the original cartoons
because they don't feel like they were
made at the time they were made that's
bad
we need to change everything change
change when I hated the Looney Tunes
show I was wrong to say bad things about
the format you see they had to turn the
low tunes into a sitcom because kids
love sitcoms and the entertainment media
is being made around kids these days so
you have to get with the times
nobody should dare make cartoons that
cater to cartoon fans because everybody
knows that adults don't watch cartoons
unless they're unfunny sitcoms like
Family Guy and brickleberry I should cut
my tail you heard me saying the show
like slapstick you see the original
Looney Tunes wasn't all about slapstick
just 97% of it dialogue was only used to
build up to the slapstick however
slapstick is bad only morons find
slapstick funny sure you could say that
slapstick can be more complex if you put
effort into the timing execution build
up an aftermath but shut up slapstick
sucks if you think it's funny you're
stupid and do I even need to mention the
cartoons that feature ethnic stereotypes
how dear those cartoons show the time
period they were made in we know bear in
this day and age not to have such
tasteless offensive stereotypes and I
shouldn't be mad at the character
changes after all they only change some
minor characters that nobody gives a
crap about and I do mean no body the
changes that were done to the main
characters are only just a few minor
tweaks and they were needed you see bugs
has to be a whining loser that gets
himself into the problems he runs into
they can't always make bugs
funny when like in the original shorts
because he is trying to represent the
guy who we all want to be into somebody
for the crowd to root for because birds
does things that we want to do but can't
and Debbie had to be changed into a
brain-dead psycho because he wouldn't
have worked as the fall guy like he does
in the originals defi and the originals
was smart but the flaws and his plans
were spotted by bugs and gave Bugsy
opportunity to strike back
screw that character he has to be a
moron because morons are funny
and then there's Lola bunny she has a
personality now the stereotypical
personality of a dumb blonde whose jokes
come off more as awkward than funny but
shut up change is good now that I
realized how wonderful this show is I
now have a burning hatred for anyone who
hates this show that's right if you hate
this show that automatically means you
love the ratings done to the Looney
Tunes like Space Jam baby Looney Tunes
and when it takes Unleashed that's right
you people suck there's no such thing as
the people who don't like any of the
recent Louie Tunes incarnations and feel
that the originals aren't enough there's
no such thing as the people who wish
Warner Brothers would do to the Looney
Tunes like they're doing to Scooby Doo
and Tom and Jerry no such thing nope
screw people for not liking the Looney
Tunes show also if you hate the LinkedIn
show it just means you hate change in
general that's right you have no right
to complain about changes done to your
precious Looney Tunes characters us
lovers of change have never complained
about any unneeded changes mates of
things we like come on folks
Warner Bros had to make the winnie toons
a sitcom if they were going to reboot it
they could just make new 7 make cartoons
that put them together in one episode
that's stupid
I mean Disney proved they couldn't pull
that off with their characters that show
was funny and capture the spirits of the
characters and it failed yes you here's
a Looney Tunes show have some nerve to
complain about changes made to Looney
Tunes some of you are bronies and you're
just fine with the change
lauren faust mates the MLP franchise
what was one of the original the
original had negative female stereotypes
blame plot lines and characters with no
personalities shame on lauren faust were
changing the franchise by making it have
lovable characters interesting plot
lines a plus humor and smooth animation
shame on her although you're probably
asking yourself if they chase the lady
toons now why didn't they change them in
the past because just because you see
the reasonable way toons weren't changed
into hippies funky disco goers bubblegum
pop singers grungy punks and Gus is
because well it wasn't just until now
they had to change them why it's changed
don't question change you change haters
heck why stop with the Looney Tunes what
timeless cartoons can be changed for the
better
for example let's reboot the Flintstones
to be modern-day blue-collar workers
then let's reboot Woody Woodpecker and
make him a team pop star sex symbol then
let's reboot Popeye and make them a
little kid who doesn't beat anybody up
because fighting is bad we can't let
children be exposed to violence in
cartoons
only violence in real life and don't
think classic cartoons aren't going to
be the only ones accustomed to change
yes I can see it now in several years
they'll reboot a venture time and make
it a teen sitcom with thin as a loser
high school student and Jake as his best
human friend then they will reboot
Regular Show where more kai Rigby or
responsible businessman who actually do
their jobs and don't goof off finally
they'll reboot Avatar The Last Airbender
and make it more faithful to the M night
Shyamalan movie don't you dare think
about complaining cartoon characters
never live on they have to change they
just have to so yes I love the lantern
show now I love change to prove it
allow me to show you the dance of my
people
- changes the wanna be a richer man -
did you change the spray
it's gonna have to be a different man
well that about does it for now I love
you Looney Tunes show I love how you're
nothing like the cartoons I grew up with
and appreciate I love how your
characters are nothing more than just
recycled ABC sitcom characters I love
how you don't have any background
orchestration I want how your jokes come
off as more awkward than funny and
finally I love love love how you try to
pretend you're something you're not
well that's all I have to say I'm binti
Looney and I'm saying out I'm gonna go
burn all my 40 tunes go on collection
DVDs and replace them with deities of
the waitin show
raining
rape me my friend
rape me